README.md, before:

# Welcome to the Tiny Chat docs repository!

This repository contains documentation, coding examples, and guides on how to utilize [Tiny Chat](https://tiny-chat.com). Whether you're looking to extend Tiny Chat's functionalities or learn how to integrate it with your applications, you'll find resources and examples here to guide you through the process.

## Getting Started

Be sure to have a [Tiny Chat](https://tiny-chat.com) account with a trialing or active subscription.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! If you have examples, improvements, bug fixes, or ideas for new features, feel free to contribute by:

-   Creating a pull request with your changes.
-   Opening issues to report bugs, suggest enhancements, or discuss new features.
-   Providing feedback on existing examples or documentation.

## Contact

If you have any questions, concerns, or need assistance, feel free to reach out by :

-   opening an issue on this repository
-   contacting us on our Tiny Chat widget on our [website](https://tiny-chat.com)
-   adding me (nils@tiny-chat.com) on Slack Connect
-   emailing us on contact@tiny-chat.com

We're here to help!

## License

Guides and coding examples are under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Docs

-   [Backup files to your own storage](backup-files/README.md)
-   [Override Tiny Chat css](guides/override-css/README.md)
-   [JavaScript API](js-api/README.md)
    -   [Logged-in user](js-api/examples/logged-in-user.js): Use the user's name in interactions
    -   [Trigger](js-api/examples/trigger.js): Trigger a bot message after a delay
    -   [Custom interaction and routing](js-api/examples/custom-interaction-and-routing.js): Allow the user to pick a topic before sending the message to Slack.

Commit message:

Rename tiny-chat to tinyfinch

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the Tiny Finch docs repository!

This repository contains documentation, coding examples, and guides on how to utilize [Tiny Finch](https://tinyfinch.chat). Whether you're looking to extend Tiny Finch's functionalities or learn how to integrate it with your applications, you'll find resources and examples here to guide you through the process.

## Getting Started

Be sure to have a [Tiny Finch](https://tinyfich.chat) account with a trialing or active subscription.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! If you have examples, improvements, bug fixes, or ideas for new features, feel free to contribute by:

-   Creating a pull request with your changes.
-   Opening issues to report bugs, suggest enhancements, or discuss new features.
-   Providing feedback on existing examples or documentation.

## Contact

If you have any questions, concerns, or need assistance, feel free to reach out by :

-   opening an issue on this repository
-   contacting us on our Tiny Finch widget on our [website](https://tinyfinch.chat)
-   adding me (nils@tinyfinch.chat) on Slack Connect
-   emailing us on contact@tinyfinch.chat

We're here to help!

## License

Guides and coding examples are under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Docs

-   [Backup files to your own storage](backup-files/README.md)
-   [Override Tiny Finch css](guides/override-css/README.md)
-   [JavaScript API](js-api/README.md)
    -   [Logged-in user](js-api/examples/logged-in-user.js): Use the user's name in interactions
    -   [Trigger](js-api/examples/trigger.js): Trigger a bot message after a delay
    -   [Custom interaction and routing](js-api/examples/custom-interaction-and-routing.js): Allow the user to pick a topic before sending the message to Slack.
